{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 SegoeUI;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red11\green76\blue180;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red35\green34\blue57;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c1961\c38824\c75686;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c18431\c18431\c29020;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Thank you for the excellent first round. Here are the notes that we put together.
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 I updated the XD file and made a PDF marked up for reference as a visual to help. Some of the copy looks
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://xd.adobe.com/view/7495b39b-25e7-4e90-9db1-1a84c6641739-21c6/"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://xd.adobe.com/view/7495b39b-25e7-4e90-9db1-1a84c6641739-21c6/}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \'a0
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 The notes are also included below.
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 As per the CSV, please make the headers match the excel spreadsheet you worked from.
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf4 \cb5 Please use this copy for the NELSON HALL section:\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 
\f1 \cb5 NelsonHall is the leading global analyst firm dedicated to helping organizations understand the 'art of the possible' in IT and business services.\'a0\'a0Founded in 1998, and with analysts in the U.S., U.K., and Continental Europe, NelsonHall provides buy-side organizations with detailed, critical information on markets and vendors that helps them make fast and highly informed sourcing decisions. And for vendors, NelsonHall provides deep knowledge of market dynamics and user requirements to help them hone their go-to-market strategies.
\f0 \cf0 \

\f1 \cf4 \'a0
\f0 \cf0 \

\f1 \cf4 NelsonHall's research is based on rigorous, all-original research, and is widely respected for the quality, depth and insight of its analysis. We work closely with our clients to create a value-based relationship founded on our unrivaled knowledge of ITS and BPS markets, acting as a trusted advisor, providing answers, and making business sense of the complexity and challenges faced by both service buyers and service providers across global services markets.
\f0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \cb1 \'a0
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs40 \cf0 Benefit Maturity Model
\f3\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf0 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf0 \'a0\

\f2\b Home page:
\f3\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf0 \'a0\
Remove Participate Nav throughout\
\uc0\u8232 Spider Graph-\
Remove Score Distribution\uc0\u8232 Remove Step labels\
Larger Labels\'a0\
Make the graph fill color this #DDED54\
The spider graph should be set to 1 -5, 0 and 4 are not graph able. This should correlate to 1 = low 2=med 3=high. This solves the issues of the the multiplers.\'a0\
\'a0\
\'a0\
Benefit Maturity Index Title should not wrap on standard screen.\uc0\u8232 Update Copy - Should only be one paragraph.\
\'a0\
Animate graph on home screen.\
No values should be 0\
\'a0\
Change copyright to - \'a9 2022 |\'a0 Empyrean\'a0\
\'a0\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs40 \cf0 Participant Page
\f3\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf0 \'a0\
Reorder Elements\
Avoid widows on standard screen size.\
O Location\
Button Active flow state\
\'a0\
Remove "Participate" on section header\
\'a0\
Section Copy should be 16pt and 1.5 spacing\
Avoid Widows\
\'a0\
Remove colon from Section 1 of 5:\
\'a0\
Slider bar needs drop shadow and bigger\
Need line around the slider\
Correct the text\
Refer to design\
Drag and snap\
Move Next/Prev outside of the white block\
Make Next blue with hover to dark grey.\
\'a0\
Smooth toggle instead\
Remove A, B, C...\
Remove Buttons\
Add Download at the bottom (see XD)\
Circle background should be locked at the top of the background.\
\'a0\
Add grey block behind the firmogrphic data\
\'a0\
Download option should be a portrait format, and should have a print style sheet. This should look like a formal research report when it is downloaded. Gartner Research example.\
\'a0}